{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh14520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\b Sample session 1
\b0  - 
\i Creating random Cayley graphs for a particular group
\i0 :\
\
(1) Click on the \'91New\'92 Button at the top of the Generating Set panel to load a new generating set for some group.\
\
(2) Select a group that you are interested in from the Group Menu, say the Mathieu group M11.  Then click \'91Load\'92 (or just hit enter) to select two random elements, together with their inverses, from the group to use as Cayley generators (you can change the number of selections by entering the desired number in the provided text field).  Then click \'91OK\'92 (or hit enter). \
\
(3) Click the \'91Create Graph\'92 button under the Generating Set panel (or hit enter) to generate the Cayley graph.\
\
(4) Once the construction of the graph is finished, click the \'91Compute\'92 button in the Spectral Data area to compute the second largest eigenvalue in magnitude, lambda(S), for the Cayley graph with respect to the generating set S.  If the computation converges then this quantity will be shown together with the Alon-Boppana bound for comparison, and whether of not the graph is Ramanujan (a graph is said to be Ramanujan if lambda(S) is less than the Alon-Boppana limit).\
\
(5) You can now click on \'92Save Data\'92, \'91Save GenSet\'92, and \'91Save Graph\'92 to save the data, generating set, and graph respectively if desired.  There is also a checkbox button under \'91Save Graph\'92 to also save a list of the group elements ordered by their vertex-index as a separate file when saving the graph if desired.  When saving files, it is suggested that you create a new folder upon saving the first file.  The directory in which you save the file will then automatically be retrieved when you save subsequent files.  For convenience with saving multiple files, the default name of the file ends with an index which is incremented for each graph when any of the data is saved.\
\
\
Steps (1)-(3) can be repeated for the same group by simply hitting enter four times to trigger the same sequence of button clicks.\
\
\

\b Sample session 2
\b0  - 
\i Loading a previously saved generating set from file
\i0 \
\
(1) Click on the \'91New\'92 Button at the top of the Generating Set panel, and select Generators \'97> Load GenSet File from the menu bar of the dialog.\
(2) Navigate to the directory containing the GenSet file you want to load and select it.\
(3) Click OK (or hit enter) to close the dialog.\
(4) Click the \'91Create Graph\'92 button under the Generating Set panel (or hit enter) to generate the Cayley graph.\
\

\b Sample session 3
\b0  - 
\i Creating new random Cayley graphs from a previously saved Cayley Colorgraph file.\
\

\i0 (1) Click on the \'91New\'92 Button at the top of the Generating Set panel, and select ColorGraph \'97> Load ColorGraph File from the menu bar of the dialog.\
(2) Navigate to the directory containing the ColorGraph file you want to load and select it.  Click OK (or hit enter) to close the dialog.  The color graph has now been loaded as a structure having a group operation.\
(3) Click \'91Load\'92 (or just hit enter) to select two random elements, together with their inverses, from the group to use as Cayley generators (you can change the number of selections by entering the desired number in the provided text field).  Then click \'91OK\'92 (or hit enter) to close the dialog.\
(4) Click the \'91Create Graph\'92 button under the Generating Set panel (or hit enter) to generate the Cayley graph.\
\
Steps (1)-(4) can be repeated for the same colorgraph-group by simply hitting enter four times to trigger the same sequence of button clicks (you do not need to load the color graph each time).  Note that if you save a generating set in this context then the file will contain as its header the name of the file containing the color graph.  If you then load this generating set from file (as in Sample session 2), then the color graph will automatically be loaded (so long as it is in the same directory).\
\
}